restful-go: add clear completion requirements for exercise 2 (#54)
Soypete/WebServices-in-3-weeks: restful-go/README.md

In a main function, create a webserver using the `ListenAndServe()` function. This server should have at least one endpoint that accepts a parameter and returns it in a response. An example of a finished exercise in in [ex-1-server](ex-1-servers/server.go)

* reference: [go-by-example Https server](https://gobyexample.com/http-servers)

\_ _NOTE_: `ListenAndServe()` is great for prototyping and non-production development. When you are building out your services, make sure you have security in mind. Use a custom `mux`. We will learn more aabout security best practices later on in the course. Check out [Reliable Webservices](../reliable-webservice-go/README.md).

## [Exercise 2](/ex-2-web-frameworks/framework.go) Build a Server Using an opensource Framework

The [Standard Library](https://pkg.go.dev/net/http) provides all the functionality needed to build a robust web server, but sometimes, instead of building out your own infrastructre, there is a benefit to adopting an opensource frameworks at the backbone of your server infrastructure. This exercise is you chance to experiment with some popular Go web frameworks.

> _Instructions:_ Pick a web frame work and implement a server that can accept a username, validate it, and print the username to standard out. Add logic to handle duplicate usernames, empty username parameters, or any additional error cases. When a username is accepted and printed to standard out return a 200 class status code. if the parameter is empty or invalid return a 400 class error code. Handle any other errors. _We will connect this server to a database in the Day 2 exercises_

Author: ```suggestion
_Instructions:_ Pick a web framework and implement a server that can accept a username, validate it, and print the username to standard out. Add logic to handle duplicate usernames, empty username parameters, or any additional error cases. When a username is accepted and printed to standard out return a 200 class status code. If the parameter is empty or invalid return a 400 class error code. Handle any other errors. _We will connect this server to a database in the Day 2 exercises_
```

> An example of the finished exercise using the [Chi](https://github.com/go-chi/chi) framework is in the directory [ex-2-webframeworks/framework.go](/ex-2-webframeworks/framework.go)

Author: ```suggestion
An example of the finished exercise using the [Chi](https://github.com/go-chi/chi) framework is in the directory [ex-2-webframeworks/framework.go](/ex-2-webframeworks/framework.go).

Another example using [go-fiber](https://github.com/gofiber/fiber) can be found [here](https://github.com/Soypete/WebServices-in-3-weeks/tree/main/restful-go/ex-2-fiber).
```
